feat(translation): slide window translation (#353)
azl397985856/leetcode: thinkings/slide-window.en.md

# Sliding Window Technique

> Sliding window technique is mostly known because of Sliding window protocals, which is used in Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) for packet-based data transimission. It is used to improved transmission efficiency in order to avoid congestions. The sender and the receiver each has a window size, w1 and w2, respectively. The window size may vary based on the network traffic flow. However, in a simpler implementation, the sizes are fixed, and they must be greater than 0 to perform any task.

Reviewer: is mostly known ？

Author: “Some people may have heard of sliding window technique because of...”?

2. Move r to the right by one step
3. Decide if the consecutive elements contained within the window satisfy the required conditions
    - 3.1 If they satisfy
        - 3.1.1 and we need an optimal solution, we try moving the pointer l to minimize our window's size and repeat step 3.1
        - 3.1.2 else we return the current solution
   - 3.2 If they don't satisfy, we continue to find an appropriate window

If we view it another way, it simply moving the pointer r to find an appropriate window and we only move the pointer l once we find an appropriate window to minimize the window and find an optimal solution.

![](https://tva1.sinaimg.cn/large/00831rSTly1gcw0ouuplaj30d90d50t3.jpg)

## Code Template

The following code snippet is a solution for problem #209 written in Python.

```python
class Solution:
    def minSubArrayLen(self, s: int, nums: List[int]) -> int:
        l = total = 0
        ans = len(nums) + 1
        for r in range(len(nums)):
            total += nums[r]
            while total >= s:
                ans = min(ans, r - l + 1)
                total -= nums[l]
                l += 1
        return  0 if ans == len(nums) + 1 else ans
```

> ## List of problems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## List of problems（Not Translated Yet）
```

Author: 这部分我应该做什么样的翻译工作？

> Some problems here are quite direct that you know the sliding window technique would be useful while others need a second thought to realize that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some problems here are intuitive that you know the sliding window technique would be useful, while others need a second thought to realize that.
```

Author: while 一般用法这里是不加逗号的。intuitive这个我改下。
